♪♪
[ slurp ]
Guys, I'm sorry my parents
Were blasting steely dan so loud
during our sleepover.
I've asked them a million times
to play something current
To cover the sounds
of their lovemaking --
Like soulja boy!
God, they're
embarrassing!
It's okay, barry. Everyone's
family can be embarrassing.
My mom still cuts
my sandwiches into hearts.
I'm 15! My sandwiches should be
shaped like lightning bolts!
Tell me about it.
The other day, I slipped
in a puddle of lube
My uncle roger spilled
prepping for his orgy,
And I slid into my sister's
three-foot bong.
Then my parents ran in dueling
with these prop swords
From "lord of the rings"
my dad bought on ebay.
My mom took a reckless
orc-style swing at my dad
But sliced me instead!
[ chuckles ]
I bled and bled.
Steve,
your family sounds
Chaotic, unstable...
Unhealthy.
Hey, steve. I'm stealin' this
to show porno at my orgy.
Keep the homies horny.
That's your uncle,
right?
Okay, so my family's
a little unconventional.
But when it really matters,
We're always there
for each other.
Be careful
sharing this stuff.
Someone could report you
to social services.
Who'd report me?
You guys? My best friends?
Or, you,
really cool new kid?
So cool.
I know I can trust you.
Cowabunga!
I've been told a disturbing
story about your family
From my undercover
social services narc.
Cowabunga!
You? A narc?
I'm sorry,
but a social worker
Will need to make a home visit
to the smith house.
Social worker?!
Home visit?!
Smith house?!
Cowabunga!
♪♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ the sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ and he's shinin' a salute
to the american race ♪
♪ oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ good -- ♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
Aah!
♪♪
A social worker?!
Could they take steve
If they see something dangerous
like swords lying around?
Swords? Oh, you mean
my uruk-hai scimitars.
These are investments!
You wouldn't believe
How much "lord of the rings"
fans pay for this stuff.
How much did you pay?
An undisclosed amount.
Here's my biggest
investment yet --
An extra-large one ring
Used on set to create
forced perspective.
[ ding! ]
Don't worry, hayley.
Remember the last time
a social worker came?
When you were breastfeeding
steve at his high school?
We just call social services,
get wendell again,
And bribe his ass!
Wendell was fired?!
Woman:
Yes, for taking bribes.
Yuck! We hate bribes!
Around here, bribes
are a big taboo.
[ belches ]
Hayley! Shh!
Sorry about that.
So if you could
just send someone else
Easygoing,
hates rules,
Is...
Very bribable?
Bribable works!
We'll waive the taboo
just this once.
Says here the social worker
visiting your home
Is jack hardass.
Gonna mute ya
for a sec.
[ beep ]
All: Jack hardass?!
We're assuming his name
is hilariously ironic
Because he's so nice
and has a soft, jiggly booty?
Jack hardass
is just like his name.
Mother [bleep]!
They're gonna take
my precious boy!
[ all sobbing ]
Heard about the precious boy!
Got here as fast as I could!
Stop.
No one is taking me.
Like I told snot
when he said our family
Was unstable,
chaotic, unhealthy...
That piece of shit.
When it really counts,
The smiths are always
there for each other.
Snot is becoming
a problem.
One thing at a time.
But just so we remember...
♪♪
Jack hardass is coming tomorrow.
We'll be ready.
Social service's
healthy home checklist --
A.K.A. Hardass's bible.
"a home free of
dangerous items."
Like these swords, stan!
I've been talking
to buckle.
He's gonna buy the one ring
off me tonight.
I'll try to sell him
the swords, too.
"all content must be
age-appropriate."
So no sex stuff.
Don't worry.
I'm postponing my orgy
And surrendering
my sex drugs.
Goodbye,
horny-goat-weed-viagra mix
That can almost
guarantee arousal.
So long, remote for
my wireless porno rig.
Careful.
I disabled the off-button,
So once it's on,
it never stops playing porn.
If you need me,
I'll be hiding in the walls.
No personas tomorrow.
Mr. R, you'll be like bruno
from dis-a-ney's "encanto"!
You're right!
What if I made the house
Magically come to life
like in "encanto"?
Floorboards flappin'
and clappin' like castanets.
Silent in the walls
will be fine.
Now, to make sure
we impress hardass,
I compiled
a cia dossier on him.
Hardass has
high-class tastes --
Fancy food, fancy cats,
fancy feast.
So we'll serve him the fanciest
dish of all time --
Beef wellington.
Hayley and I
can try making
A practice wellington
tonight, mr. S!
And I'm adopting cats
right now!
But classy guys don't like
seeing anything weird,
So no talking fish.
Anything for steve.
Hands in, everybody!
For our precious boy!
All: Whoo!
♪♪
Practice wellington's
looking good!
Great!
Now remember, steve.
All you gotta do
is smile, look happy.
Mediocre.
Think "al roker."
Now give me "joker"!
That's a happy boy!
I'm not willing
to risk wrinkling
Any of my slacks
before tomorrow.
But what's
that circular lump?
My one ring, stored in
the place made specifically
For a man's most valuable
possessions --
The little front pocket
of his undies.
Where should
jeff and I sit?
Nowhere.
You'll be our butlers.
-Okay!
-The hell you talkin' about?!
We need to
project wealth.
Same reason we built
the dumbwaiter.
Also because of your burp
During the call
with social services.
A.K.A. "burpgate."
it was too crude.
So we hired actors
to play our new, classy,
Hardbodied
jeff and hayley!
What?! Why are we
being singled out?!
You're the one who got wild
servals instead of normal cats!
[ servals growling ]
They seemed fancier!
Maybe I'll put out a casting
call for big-chinned dopes
And pink-dressed idiots
to replace you!
[ knock on door ]
Who could that be?
Hello.
I'm jack hardass.
All: Jack hardass?!
A night early?!
Stan, you said
you wrote the date
In your most important
calendar!
Most valuable
calendar.
From the release of
"fellowship of the ring"!
That's from when the movie
came out in 2001!
The dates are all off!
Uh, what do we do?!
We'll just have to
impress hardass tonight!
Do you think he noticed
I wasn't wearing pants?
-Yes.
-Oh, yeah.
-Hundred percent.
Hm. Well, then I didn't shave
for nothing.
The social worker's here!
We're not ready!
And it's all your fault,
stan!
Who writes down
an important date
In a calendar
from 2001?!
A lot of people
in 2001 did!
[ servals grunting ]
Steve's a goner
because of you two!
You deserve to be
the stupid...
Buttlers!
[ both gasp ]
I'mma drop you
like a bad hobbit!
Come on!
[ knock on door ]
You said you could do this --
for me --
And I believe in you!
Let's be there
for each other, smiths!
I'll hide the swords!
I'll hide the servals!
I got the sex drugs!
[ frantic music plays ]
♪♪
[ knock on door ]
stan: Butler hayley,
get the door!
Francine: A final touch
of class -- the roomba!
Remember, steve,
just keep smiling.
[deep voice]
you rang?
I knocked.
For 10 minutes.
Sorry.
I couldn't find my pants.
But you probably
didn't even notice.
I noticed.
And made a note.
Um, let's meet
the family.
My beautiful wife,
francine.
My burp-free daughter,
hayley.
Her husband, jeff,
who is very stupid.
These are our butlers,
who should go serve
The practice
wellingtons.
Dinner is almost ready.
We're having beef wellington,
as usual.
Why a "practice"
wellington?
Because practice wellington
makes perfect wellington!
This is
the famous steve.
May I take your coat,
mr. Hardass?
Roger: Go, go, "encanto"
magic coat hook!
Shh!
[ clattering ]
[ servals snarling ]
So we're not bothered
By the hustle and bustle
in the kitchen.
Care for a drink?
Iced tea, please.
A wonnnnderful choice,
mr. Hardass!
They ate the practice
wellingtons!
Make new ones!
[softly] get the servals
out of there now.
[normal voice]
you, go help with dinner.
Please, mr. Hardass,
take a seat.
Dinner won't be
for a while.
You said it was
"almost ready."
H-he said it was
all moist and ruddy,
Which is how he refers
to raw meat.
[ doorbell rings ]
[ stan gasps ]
Just some
roaming degenerates.
Not around
my precious boy!
Now, excuse me. I'm gonna
get some fresh air.
And my iced tea?
Did I say "fresh air"?
I meant "fresh mint."
For your iced tea!
We're here for
hayley smith's casting call
For big-chinned dopes
and pink-dressed idiots.
What?!
Well, you have to leave!
Not until we get
an audition!
We're desperate
local actors!
[ gulp! ]
Steve, do you ever
feel...Unsafe?
Klaus:
Schwing! Oh!
Did your fish
just say "schwing"?
Mnh.
[ servals growling ]
Aah!
Let's watch
some educational tv!
Man: Ooh, yeah! Ooh, yeah!
Woman: Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
I can hear something,
but I'm not seeing the picture.
Woman: Oh, yeah!
I'll check
on that iced tea!
[ funk music playing ]
It won't turn off!
This'll muffle it.
We made new wellingtons
With graham crackers,
flour, and hamburger meat.
Iced tea's ready!
You almost screwed us
hiring those actors, hayley!
Luckily, I thought of
hiding them in the basement.
I hid the servals
in the basement!
[ servals growling ]
[ man screams ]
They're only local actors.
If we're all in here...
Then who's with hardass?
♪ on the good ship rogupop ♪
♪ it's a sweet... ♪
Rogu, shoo!
I'm afraid I have
no explanation for that.
But I do have your tea.
I'm not seeing
the fresh mint.
Aah! Mint!
The man wants mint!
Francine: On it!
Oh, god! Hardass
is gonna take me away!
The only thing hardass
is taking away
Is the takeaway that
we make great wellington!
Mmm!
Now bring it upstairs
So it can come down
the dumbwaiter.
Nice save.
Where'd you get the mint?
[breathlessly] from
the edge of the woods.
Edge of the woods?
That's not mint!
It's poison ivy!
Dinner's ready!
Some water for you,
mr. Ass.
Good news --
the servals are upstairs.
Bad news -- the actors in the
basement are begging for food.
I've heard you have
"lord of the rings" weapons
in the house?
Hmm.
Doesn't ring a bell.
Sounds like a good
investment, though.
I'm sorry.
Weapons from
"lord of the rings"
Are...A good investment?
Yeah, people will pay
a fortune for movie props.
I know I did -- would.
What stans means is...
"lord of the rings" talk
is forbidden here.
Or as the great forest elves
of mirkwood say...
"avanwa..."
unh! Mnh!
Mr. Smith,
are you crying?
I just love my boy
so much.
[ doorbell rings ]
I'm here
to buy the ring!
"lord of the rings"
is forbidden! Go away!
I'm back
as if nothing happened.
Stan,
I was just insisting
We show mr. Hardass
steve's college fund.
It's so full, the boys at schwab
say it's a modern marvel.
Gah!
Oh, no!
The roomba's stuck!
He can't see the college fund.
I used it to buy the one ring.
Hardass: Is everything okay
down there?
Just sell the ring
to buckle
And get that money back in
the account so we can show him.
I sent buckle away!
Unsend him away!
Stupid thing got stuck
on a crumb. Heh.
Gotta go call
the manufacturer.
Can I ask you about
that small gray person?
I'm afraid I have
no explanation for that.
Sorry I yelled at you.
I got possessed by greed,
much like smeagol.
The ring
is that legit!
Send in the wellington!
[ whirring ]
I need to see you
in the kitchen right now.
Mrs. Smith, your glass.
Oh!
What are you doing?!
Please excuse me.
I need to go, uh --
Let's see. Something normal.
Something normal.
Spank my lady butler!
Klaus: Schwing!
There it is again!
We can't serve
the beef wellington!
Why not?
Jeff used this
instead of flour.
It's chaos out there!
What is going on?!
The beef wellington is filled
with roger's sex drugs!
Oh, my god.
[ funk music playing ]
The roomba got stuck
under it!
Where the hell is dad?!
[ gasps ] mr. S ate so much
sex wellington!
Since we both bank with schwab,
you can instantly transfer
The $25,000
to my account.
But first I need
to see the ring!
One sec.
Let me retrieve it.
[ zipper slides ]
francine: Stan!
All the beef wellington you ate
was dosed with viagra!
Not ideal, but we should be okay
as long as nothing arouses me.
Woman: Ohh!
All over my glasses!
Ohh...Ohh...Ohh.
Ohh-ohh.
Ow! Ugh!
[ sobbing ]
Big bone. So what?
During the engorgement,
the one ring
Slid out of its pocket
and got stuck...
On my eye of sauron!
So, uh, how long have you two
known each other?
We just met today.
That's a fast marriage.
Oh, my god. [ gasps ]
this wellington is orgasmic!
Mmm! Mmm!
[ actor hayley giggles ]
All: Food!
Bad butler! We'll clean you up
in the bathroom.
Roger: A little "encanto"
will save the day.
Go, go,
"encanto" magic toilet!
[ grunting ]
Oh, god! Oh, god!
Mrs. S, the actors
in the basement
Are horny
from the wellington
And they're climbing up
the dumbwaiter to your bedroom!
I'm busy!
The bathroom
is just in here.
[ roger screaming ]
I can show you the ring,
but it has to be in private.
[ servals growl ]
Not in there. In here.
[ servals snarl ]
[ both moaning ]
My daughter's
having sex in there.
I'm having sex
in there!
Screw this!
I'm leaving!
Wait!
I can show you in here!
Don't worry
about the bathroom.
Because I've seen enough.
Please don't
take steve away!
[ woman moaning ]
[ laughs ]
take steve?
It's not against the law
to have a dinner go badly.
What I really care about
is the boy.
And he was smiling
all night.
What's healthier than smiling
all the time no matter what?
Now I must be going.
It's elven tradition
to view the ring
Only through
this hole I made.
I believe I see
One of peter jackson's
curly beard hairs!
Not included.
[ ding! ]
Hardass:
Good night, mr. Smith.
We did it, everybody!
[ family cheering ]
Sorry.
Forgot my...
[ servals snarl ]
...Coat.
Roger: Something's wrong
with your toilet!
Man: Ooh, yeah!
Ooh, yeah! Ohh!
Wild cats.
Pornos. Toilet man.
A high-end...
Penis dealer?
It's not what
it looks like!
And a talking fish.
I've changed
my assessment.
I'm taking the boy.
-No!
-Please!
-We can do better!
-We'll get rid of the fish!
You know what?
I'm ready to go.
All we had to do was get
our act together for one night.
You know who does have
their act together?
The foster-care system!
Let's go, hardass.
Great.
Now I've lost two things.
♪♪
[ stan and francine sobbing ]
I can't believe
steve is gone!
[ knock on door ]
Hi.
I'm jack hardass.
[ servals yowl ]
all: Jack hardass?!
This guy had
an official lanyard.
He's the real hardass.
Then who's that guy
who took steve?!
A kidnapper! And a financially
savvy one at that.
He wants to exchange the boy
for this.
We have to go save him!
But we can't let
real hardass know
We gave our son
to a kidnapper!
I have an idea.
Hello!
I'm stan -- line?
Francine: Smith!
Smith!
Come in!
[ tires squeal ]
Did someone
just steal your car?
As long as they don't steal
my precious boy!
I like your attitude,
mr. Smith.
Where are we doing
the exchange?
We're not.
Steve would never want us
to sacrifice the one ring.
So I traced the texts
to the kidnapper's hideout.
We'll steal steve back.
I just don't get
who would do this.
Who would want that ring
this badly?
[ ominous music plays ]
♪♪
Stan: Dear god!
It's elijah wood!
Francine:
There's sean astin!
Hayley:
Dominic monaghan!
Jeff: Jack hardass
is billy boyd!
The hobbits from
"lord of the rings"
Kidnapped steve?!
Pernicious boyd
has my precious boy,
And he wants my precious!
Oy!
Here's the plan.
I sneak in --
Can't I sneak in
this time?
You made hayley and I
be the butlers.
We should sneak in.
I sneak in.
We sneak in.
[ all grunting ]
Aah!
Oh, no!
Steve was right.
Even when we try to come
together, it's utter chaos!
But maybe we could...
Use that chaos
to our advantage?
[ classical music playing ]
Why didn't you
just steal the ring?
Billy boyd: I was so shocked
it was on his penis,
I panicked
and stole his kid!
This is a bad idea.
You know the rules!
On the set of "fellowship,"
we swore an oath.
All: To always support
each other's passion projects
No matter what.
And I need this ring so I can
sell it and use the profits
To fund my new tequila brand --
casa smeagol's.
[ knock on door ]
♪♪
Hey! Ol' petey sent us
beef wellingtons!
I'm starved!
That family kept slapping food
out of my hands.
Mmm! Mmm!
Mmm! [ giggles ]
Man:
Ooh, yeah! Ooh, yeah!
Ohh! Ohh!
[ all groaning ]
Oh, yeah!
We're all
getting erections!
Who knew when I got
these for stargazing
I'd be gazing at star
billy boyd's boner?!
[ all groaning ]
Roger: I'm done joking. Someone
help me out of this thing!
[ servals snarling ]
[ hobbits screaming ]
[ gasps ]
Steve, you were right.
We're so sorry
about how we acted.
Steve: [muffled]
that's okay, guys!
And I'm sorry I emptied
your college fund
To buy the one ring.
You did what?!
[ video call ringing ]
He's demanding
to see steve.
He's heading up
to his bedroom.
Stall him.
Just say something stupid --
Like you've realized
family's everything.
I learned to appreciate
my family!
Oh, mr. Smith,
that's wonderful.
[ tires screech ]
♪♪
Steve: Just finishing up
my homework
On the history
of burlap sacks.
From fish to sticks,
they truly held it all.
Precious as advertised.
What a perfect family!
Good night!
♪♪
My precious family.
Bye! Have a great time!